Dev: clarify commit length and allow multiple commits per subsystem (#7667)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/submitting-patches-back-to-master.rst

  means that intermediate commits break the build. This also implies that
  moving code from one library to another happens in two commits: one that
  "deletes" it from the old spot, and a separate one that "creates" it at
  the new spot. It is ok to have unrelated changes in a single library

>   as separate commits in a single pull request.

Reviewer: Thank you for this!

optional: I would even favor strengthening the language, if others would.
```suggestion
  the new spot. It's better for unrelated changes in a single library
  to be separate commits in the pull request.
```
But also, the word "unrelated" invites criticism: Why is a PR doing two "unrelated" things at all? I wonder if we could think of a word like "easily separable" or "independent" or "orthogonal" or something to avoid that.

(By "optional", I mean this is totally fine as-is! Ok to resolve this comment without response/changes.)

Reviewer 2: I am in favor of this rigorous approach!

  organization. Defer to a reviewer's judgement to resolve any
  disagreements regarding this.

> 

Reviewer: optional: Was this newline intentional?

Author: Nope, will remove that unintentional change. tx.

> 

Reviewer: optional: On my side, the newline still seems to be here? Can't tell if that's a git bug, or an oversight.

Author: It just needed a refresh I guess, looks fine now.

PRs are more likely to be merged quickly if:

> - The PR clearly states what changes in behavior are expected

Reviewer 3: I don't think we should fight back and forth on the wiki between American and Commonwealth spelling. I personally use American spelling when I write stuff, but I'd leave either alone if existing.

Reviewer 4: Yeah.  The rule is "if it's valid British English, American English or Australian English or Australian slang then leave it alone".

I may be stretching things a *little*.

Author: Dropped that, oops. Night brain forgot that spellcheck is not right all the time.
